Here we go.
Background.
No, I'm, you know, it won't be a painful book since I came there, but, you know, Honolulu is actually where all the papers are, really, at various places.
I mean, there's...
This one was really going to round to round.
You wouldn't choose Honolulu, I think.
So, I mean, the question was whether or not they'd all be related.
I don't know.
I mean, I guess it's for others to judge.
I certainly don't make an effort and say, oh, well... Well, I think you do an interest to them.
Yes.
That's a silly thing to say, but you're not on any mission to create the great body of work on the history of Poland.
No, that's exactly right.
You write a book, possibly called Soldiers, which will talk about what happened to the French Revolution when the whole country actually turns into an army.
But there was such a huge list of drama there, and I thought I would do it in the Egyptian campaign, which impressed me a lot.
That's something I haven't quite... The Hawaii idea sort of pushed things.
They have something in common in that they're about the collision between an ancient culture and a kind of very aggressive, well-organized, specifically a modern culture.
The mass story of the ancient culture isn't quite complete or part of my experience.
That's a trivial question.
It is Hawaii the only state that had it, that there was a kingdom to find.
Yes, it certainly is.
It's also the only state that has this British national flag in its state flag.
That I didn't know.
Oh yes, the Union Jack is in the Hawaii state flag.
It's in the Hawaii state flag.
long, you know, roll of the sandwich items, as a British protector.
There's a more new biography on it.
I know.
Oh, I got it wrong.
Oh, is that right?
Norton.
Norton's on it.
Do you remember the author?
I'll send it to you.
That's good.
There's time there.
Oh, thank you.
I'll give you a address, and I'd love to put you on the list to receive a copy of my book, if you'd like to.
Yes, I'd love to.
I'll give you, I'll tell you what, because I'm,
And they're not going to be in Columbia anymore.
So let me give them my home address, which is 421.
Hardscrabble Road.
Good job.
Have you?
Yeah.
Well, there are two.
I think the one you'll see on this chronic is different.
There are two Hardscrabble Road.
This is in Briarcliff Manor.
B-R-I-A-R.
Briarcliff.
Manor, which sounds much more exciting.
And the zip is New York 10510.
Philip and Blake.
No, I'd love to see it.
It's great.
It's exciting.
It's really good.
Yeah, it's wonderful.
We've seen the jacket.
I have the book.
Yeah, that's great.
I'm sorry?
No, you said something about... I interviewed Tactical Brian.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, delightful.
Good.
And he's published by Norton as well, and he had just received a book.
Oh, nice.
Good.
He did a biography of Joseph Banks.
Of course, he did.
I love that.
You know which other terrific historical novel, Joseph Banks, appears in?
Actually, everything is different from O'Brien's.
Um, Karegs and Ed Boyle's first book.
Oh, he has a vocal water music.
May not be his first book.
Roughly because he's the second there.
You're right.
It was an early book, though, yes.
And I gave it away.
And now it's selling for $300.
That'll work.
Thank you.
World's End is one of my absolutely favorite books.
I had to meet him a couple years ago.
He's said to be reclusive and difficult, actually.
No.
He's very interesting.
He actually wanted his editor in his last book to be the publicity director.
And then really wants to tie in what was that?
Right.
He had such a nice job.
He had such a nice thing.
Right.
I, myself, teach them, I value it.
I don't know, which parts of the audience can be brought, as opposed to how we're going to mark up the book.
But I've really got a ton of stuff.
Is there anything you think I've missed?
I love it when you say you expect these pages begging to differ.
So I suppose that in order to understand humanity's relationship with nature, you have to repudiate history.
that history was a kind of record of the dominion, that humanity's indifference and imperviousness to nature.
And that's the choice you had.
You basically had a choice of nature or history.
So that's the view with which I wanted to say that actually
History and nature are mutually exclusive, like jobs and stuff.
They actually, everywhere we can think of, imagine, live in, they're actually wrapped up in each other.
It's possible to imagine a history in which nature really in some ways, I would say sort of calls the shots completely, but in which
Issues of politics, national identity, personal and religious salvation are all done through nature.
Nature gives the kind of vocabulary in which these things are explained and expressed.
So that was really... I thought you were referring to the slightly self-consciously Dickensian tone.
I liked it.
I mean I also liked it in the beginning was the title of the Prologs of Dupor.
It does give a sense of the serendipitous nature of what's happening.
That's precisely what I had in my head.
That is precisely it.
I had a really question to you about the book, because that's fine.
Richard Bellstein's review was a timeless reviewer.
It was nice of him to quote me so extensively at the end, but he said,
I'm not sure at all what someone meant by the details he meant by that, actually, but it was... A, so it's going to be entirely... So, how are we doing?
We'll be at least in a bit, so... Ten minutes?
Is that anything?
Yeah, fine.
Could he have something coming up?
Yeah, two o'clock.
The other was...
The way in which, exactly like the hill of Krakow, or the Jewish cemetery of Puntz, the place of humanly designed memory became turned into landscape and nature.
I mean, that was the nature of the same dividend.
I think I'm going to do a story here.
I'm putting it at the top of my list.
Oh, thank you.
I did five interviews.